Update reboot host instructions for new UI (#24283)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/more-info/unhealthy/setup.markdown

ha supervisor restart
```

> If this does not help or you do not have any way to access the CLI, you can try to reboot the host. This can be done by going to [Settings -> System -> Hardware](https://my.home-assistant.io/redirect/hardware/), opening the menu in the top right corner and selecting "Reboot Host".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If this does not help or you do not have any way to access the CLI, you can try to reboot the host. This can be done by going to {% my hardware title="Settings -> System -> Hardware" %}, opening the menu in the top right corner, and selecting "Reboot Host".
```
